- Ezra. stop. Listen.
I'm not gonna hurt you.
Don't run away like that.
Ezra!
A knife doesn't scare
me. young man. Hold still.
Shh!
- Ain't nothin' wrong with that
boy a good whuppin' won't fix.
- Yeah. Think we'll
start with a haircut first.
Let's get to it.
- A woman like that good
with scissors and a Bible?
You ought to marry
her up. Mr. Bohannon.
before Miss Ruth find
her some other lowlife
fancy belt-wearing
huckster that come along.
- You callin' me a fancy lowlife
belt-wearing huckster. Psalms?
- Uh. no sir. Mr. Bohannon.
- All anybody needs to
be concerned with today
is making Cheyenne by tomorrow.
- Yes. sir. Mr. Bohannon.
- All right. y'all. listen up!
That there dot on the
horizon is Cheyenne!
I promised General
Grant hisself...
that we'd make it there
by tomorrow at sunset.
It gives us two days
to lay 5 mile of track.
- Mr. Bohannon.
speaking for the Irish.
all due respect. sir.
but tomorrow's Sunday.
It's the Lord's day.
not a work day.
- Yeah. Yeah.
- That's right.
- Even the Lord makes
exceptions. Mr. Quinn.
And sacrifices.
In fact. the only
thing he don't make
is the extra money I'm
gonna put in your pockets
you get us to Cheyenne on schedule.
- Yeah. that's true.
- This right here...
is the rest of my stock.
I'm cashing it in.
Spreading it around.
Who wants a piece?
- Yeah.
- I want a piece.
- Well. I suppose it's no
sin to work on the Lord's day.
Long as we don't make a habit of it.
- And my crew will take a piece of that.
- Work be our ticket to heaven.
We'll ride this
train and that stock
all the way to Cheyenne.
- We've been
through hell and back.
Indians. rain. drought...
cholera.
You men have
done a hell of a job.
I'm proud of all of y'all.
Now...
you get us to Cheyenne
by tomorrow night.
first two rounds is on me!
Yeah.
- Whores are on Dutch.
- Yeah!
- Get to work!
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
- Good God. he's going to do it.
- Who is?
- Bohannon!
He's right there.
Tomorrow. he'll be right
here. laying tracks in my town.
Pennies on my eyes.
- Our town.
You keep leaving that
rather important part out.
Hmm. How did you sleep
last night. Mr. Durant?
Those goose-down
mattresses. they cost a fortune.
What?
- You sell cattle to Bohannon.
lend me money to build our town.
You build a hotel on
the best lot in Cheyenne
and charge me full
fare to rent a room.
Now. if I didn't know better.
I might think you were playing both
ends against the middle. Mrs. Palmer.
- Hmm!
Thank you. Abigail.
Often. your interests
align with mine.
Occasionally. they don't.
Your interests align with mine?
I think you got it backwards.
Mmm.
Mmm! Quail?
- Dove.
The French call it detente.
It's what you and Bohannon better
reach before he reaches Cheyenne.
- Make peace with
Bohannon? To what end?
- You promised me
Cheyenne would be
the most important
railroad city in America.
How are you going
to accomplish that
without the cooperation
of the railroad?
- You are an exasperating
woman. Mrs. Palmer.
- Why? Because I talk
like a blunt-talkin' man?
- Mmm.
- Send Bohannon a telegram.
Invite him to lunch. Today.
Work it out.
- Nothing is that
easy with Bohannon.
- I am not sure
he's the problem.
- That's him.
- Lot of guns down there.
- All the guns in the world will
not protect Cullen Bohannon.
Ya! Ya!
- Ruth.
Ruth.
- Mr. Bohannon.
This just came for you.
- She wrote this down right?
- Yes. sir.
- Thank you. Luke.
Ruth.
Where's Ruth at?
Hey. she gave you a
haircut. Looks good.
Ruth?
- I've kept you out of your bed
long enough. Mr. Bohannon.
I'll be on the noon
train to Omaha.
There's an orphanage
in Council Bluffs.
I can take Ezra...
- Ruth...
Stop it.
- I'm sorry. but if a tenant of
Christ's teachings is selflessness.
then I have been
a poor disciple.
- Sean McGinnis
was a troubled soul.
His brother relieved him of his troubles.
Now. that weren't through no fault of yours.
- Sean came to me
to unburden himself.
He came seeking solace.
And...
and I denied him.
Perhaps I would do well
to spend some time
away from this place.
- The men need you here. Ruth.
- I have made no
difference in their lives.
- Well. you've given me comfort.
And you've given me hell too.
In equal parts. according
to what I deserve.
And I ain't the only one.
- Do you want me to
stay. Mr. Bohannon?
- Hell on wheels just needs
a good preacher. Ruth.
And you are. You
are a good preacher.
Tomorrow's Sunday. The
men expect to get preached to.
They expect you to do the
preaching. That's all there is to it.
Come on. boy. Get your hat.
We're going to Cheyenne.
You have a seat.
You stay right there. too.
Mickey.
- You're just in time.
Chief of police over there
is full as a gypsy's bra.
and I'm almost
positive that Wallace
is dealing off the
bottom of the deck.
- Thank you.
- Take two.
- Take your damn scalp
and get the hell out of here.
Oh. you can leave that.
- That's my money.
- Not anymore. it ain't.
- Um...
- You best give me
that. It cost me $1.
- Agh! Thanks for the warning.
Ugh!
You know what that is?
That's a telegram.
From Durant. Asking
me to come to Cheyenne.
- What for?
- If I didn't know better.
I'd say he's surrendering.
He knows we're gonna be in Cheyenne
tomorrow and wants to broker a deal.
Know what that means?
Hey.
We won the damn war. damn it.
- Ain't none of us out
here never won nothin'.
And never will.
Otherwise. we wouldn't
be here in the first place.
Mmm.
- Quit your damn bitchin'.
You're comin' to
Cheyenne. Let's go.
- Well. what you need me for?
- Victory needs an
audience. and you is he.
Come on. my friend.
- Where my money at?
- Put your hat on.
You might find it.
Uh-uh. Come on.
- I was wondering
when you'd come.
- Forgive me. If you're
praying. I can come back.
- How will you tell it?
"Cain and Abel"?
"Fallen woman pastor brings
murder into her church"?
- Is that how you
see yourself...
a fallen woman pastor?
This doesn't have to
be about the newspaper.
- Do you ever wonder how we
came to be in this forsaken place?
- Well...
if I believed in God.
which... I don't...
I would say it's for my sins.
- I have just enough
faith to condemn me
for the sins I've committed
since I arrived here.
- What sins?
- I've been praying
for understanding.
- It-it isn't...
a sin to pray for
understanding. is it?
- Oh. we can't know God's will.
- So...
where does that leave
you? Will you... go back east?
- Mr. Bohannon has...
asked me to stay
with the railroad.
- So... perhaps he's the
answer to your prayers.
- A man with the mark of Cain.
That would be ironic.
- You have feelings for him.
Don't you?
- Why we going to Cheyenne?
- I already told you.
- No. you ain't.
When you tell me?
- Would you just shut...
Shut up. You're
makin' my head hurt.
Ho.
- What we doing?
- Men coming up behind
us. Don't look back.
- Who they?
- Told you not to look back.
- Who is it?
- Damn it. Elam!
Come on. Get up.
Get back on.
Get the boy to Cheyenne.
fast and straight. Hyah!
Aah!
Hyah!
Get that chair!
Come on!
Don't move.
- Bohannon! What in
God's name is going on?
- I'd keep my head down if I was you!
- Ooh!
- Go!
- Ugh!
- Hyah! Hyah!
- Hyah!
- Who the hell's out there?
- No idea.
- Go. go. go!
- What's that smell?
- I'm drunk.
- Christ!
- Yep.
Get that boy upstairs!
- You get him upstairs.
This is my hotel. and those
windows cost a fortune!
Otis! Where's my yellow boy?
- You a good shot?
- I can take the ear
off a rabbit at 200
yards. left or right.
- Otis. you got any coffee?
- In the back.
- Bring it! Here.
Anybody comes through that
door or that door. you shoot 'em.
Come on. You know
how to use that thing?
All right. then.
Stay right there.
Shit!
No matter what happens.
no matter what you hear.
you don't leave till I
come back. you got me?
All right.
I ain't leavin' you. son.
Now. you drink that.
Them men come at
us on the way over here.
After your invite.
- Not everything bad
that happens to you
is my fault. Bohannon.
- Mostly it is.
- I told you there was
a range war coming.
Not all my neighbors are
happy with my decision
to sell livestock
to the railroad.
Or build this town.
- No. they come after me.
- I don't think this is a
first for you. Bohannon.
- Whoever they is.
they got us outnumbered
and outgunned.
We gonna need a plan.
- Otis. you got any food. water?
- Not much.
- Shit.
We got women and children in
here. All they got to do is wait us out.
- This town got a
telegraph office. don't it?
- Yes. Up the street.
- Major Bendix only
a few hours from here.
- You go out there. you'll be dead
long before the cavalry gets here.
- That is a
distinct possibility.
You keep 'em off me till I get
across the street. we might make it.
- You got that
boy upstairs. I'll go.
- What?
- You want me to cover you?
Drunk or sober. you
a better shot than me.
Gotta be me that go.
- Bohannon!
You're surrounded!
Come out! Guns down!
You have my word.
nobody'll be hurt.
All we want is Bohannon!
- You ain't believin' him.
- Ain't no sense in
all of us getting killed.
- You're right.
I'll go talk to them. see
what they want with you.
negotiate a settlement.
- Oh!
- What now?
- Otis. how much
whiskey you got?
- Ah!
- Aah!
Aah!
- Damn it.
- We too late.
- Oww.
Tell you what.
This railroad business
is funner than shit.
- It beat picking cotton
from can see to can't see.
- First year of the
war I thought...
"Best damn thing that
ever happened to me."
I hated farming.
Rather be anywhere than
ass-deep in Mississippi mud...
running behind a mule all day.
- How long before you
changed your mind?
Just did.
- That little boy
waiting for you.
No matter what happen out there.
you make it to that
hotel. you hear?
- I don't...
you finish that road.
And Elam...
I never freed my slaves.
- I always figured you
was lying about that.
- Ready?
- Mm-hmm.
- Elam.
- I know.
- Ah!
- Psst.
- Ah! They stormed the place.
- Where the boy at?
- Wha... they took him.
- They took that
boy to get at you.
- You might need this.
- I'm gonna take the back.
Aah!
- Aah!
- Let the boy go.
- Soon as you
drop your gun belt.
- Boy ain't got
nothin' to do with this.
What you want?
- You for the boy.
- All right. Let him go.
- You drop your gun belt and
you come out where I can see you.
- Mr. Ferguson's
back along the way.
You go with him back
to the hotel. Go on.
Ezra.
You listen to Miss
Ruth. you hear me?
Go on.
- They say why they took him?
- I think it's the Mormons
for him taking the workers.
- Huntington warned
him about that.
I know you're not fool
enough to go after him.
- I'm gonna do what
needs to be done.
Bohannon said keep building
the railroad with or without him.
I aim it to be with him.
- Mr. Ferguson.
Mr. Ferguson!
Going after him is suicide.
Look around you.
Do you want to face
those men again. alone?
- I'm gonna keep my
word to Bohannon.
Then I'm busting him
free. You can count on that.
- Uh. Miss Ellison.
- Yes?
- Uh...
Mrs. Toole will be
leaving us. I'm afraid.
- What do you mean?
- Well. the woman's
a whore. Miss Ellison.
- Mrs. Toole is not a whore.
And even if she were. I expect
that to be as little concern to you
as your previous
misadventures are to me.
- I run a respectable
establishment.
- Prior to becoming
Mr. Mortimer Ramsey.
proprietor of this hotel.
you lived in Omaha?
Calling yourself... ah.
Dr. Henry Whitford...
until the deaths
of three patients
hastened a name
change and a move west.
- Clearly. you are mistaken.
- The deaths were attributed to an
overdose of "perpetual sunshine"...
a miracle elixir you widely prescribed.
claiming it would cure just about anything.
which I guess. technically.
death does. doesn't it?
I'm a newspaper
woman. Mr. Ramsey.
People talk to me about
this. that. and the other.
Now. as for my guest.
she will be staying on
until she finds other.
more suitable. lodgings.
Are we clear on that?
- Yes.
- Lovely. Have a good day.
- I don't want to
cause no trouble.
- No trouble at all. Eva.
Listen. and if that man
gives you any more guff.
you just talk to me.
okay? Let me know.
- Why you doing this for me?
- You're a good woman. Eva.
You've just had...
some tough luck.
- Thank you.
Uh...
- It's what you want. ain't it?
- Is that what you think?
- Well. I seen the
way you look at me.
- Eva...
that's not why I
asked you to stay here.
- Well. I thought...
- What?
That... that you're not
worthy of my friendship?
Eva. you are.
- I don't accept
no charity. so...
- Eva... stay.
Please.
- Oh. shit.
- I told you...
you owe me a life for
the one you took from me.
- It was me that killed
my brother. Ruth.
It was him that caused it.
And it will be me that
has to answer for it
when the time comes. not you.
- What did that detective
think Sean had done in Boston?
Strangle someone?
A woman?
You led him to believe Sean
was about to do that to me.
- On my mother's
soul. I thought he was.
- We'll never know. will we?
The truth.
What he was.
- The truth is. I
saved your life.
I have faith.
One day you'll see that.
- Listen up. gentlemen.
Cullen Bohannon's gone.
A gang of riders caught
us up in Cheyenne
and took him.
I don't know where.
or if he'll be back.
I don't even know if he alive.
- Raise a posse. Mr. Ferguson.
We'll find him! Yeah!
- We can't afford to lose no
men to no posse. not today.
- Are you saying we
leave him out there to die?
- We get to Cheyenne first.
Then we look for him.
Bohannon hisself say
this railroad come first.
And ain't not one of us be here
except for him and what
he done and how he done it.
We wouldn't be this far...
if it wasn't for him.
- No doubt about that.
- I know that.
We don't get to Cheyenne
by tomorrow night.
Durant gonna come
back and run this railroad.
Whether Bohannon here or not.
Now. Bohannon
worked me to the bone.
But he worked
hisself right next to me.
- That's right.
- He ain't never give none of
us nothing that we ain't earned.
- That's right!
- And when he did. he stand by it.
Bohannon called me a nigger...
but he ain't never
treat me like one.
Durant a man that cheated. lied.
and stole and disrespected
every last one of us!
Now. we gonna get
this track to Cheyenne.
- Yeah!
- The way Bohannon do.
One rail at a time!
Yeah!
- One rail at a time!
One rail at a time!
- All right. boys!
Let's get to work!
- Let's lay 'em out!
- Y'all grab them spikes!
- Let's all get ready
to go! Come on!
Lift!
♪ I'm building me a home ♪
♪ This earthly house ♪
♪ Is gonna soon decay ♪
♪ And my soul's gotta have ♪
♪ Somewhere to stay ♪
♪ When you hear me moaning ♪
♪ I'm building me a home ♪
♪ When you hear me prayin' ♪
♪ This earthly house ♪
♪ Is gonna soon decay ♪
♪ And my soul's gotta have ♪
♪ Somewhere to stay ♪
- Our father...
♪ When you hear me shoutin' ♪
♪ I'm building me a home ♪
♪ This earthly house ♪
♪ Is gonna soon decay ♪
♪ And my soul's gotta have ♪
♪ Somewhere to stay ♪
♪ When you hear me prayin' ♪
♪ I'm building me a home ♪
♪ When you hear me moanin' ♪
♪ When you hear me shoutin' ♪
♪ I'm building me a home ♪
♪ This earthly house ♪
♪ Is gonna soon decay ♪
♪ I'm building me a house ♪
♪ And my soul's gotta have ♪
♪ Somewhere to stay ♪
♪ I'm building me a home ♪
- I brought you into my home.
You shared a
meal with my family.
Then you hung my boy.
You will stand accountable.
♪ I'm building me a home ♪
♪ When you hear me shoutin' ♪
♪ Hallelujah ♪
♪ I'm building me a home ♪
Subtitling: CNST. Montreal
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm